I've been using this for a few years now but does get pretty buggy at times and you just need to wait till they decide to fix it. Right now it refuses to use the correct defaulted two factor type that I've set. It also never logs me out which is a BIG security risk. Now i have to og myself out manually. Also, currently it won't remember trusted computers. Jan/Feb '19 have been totally bug city and getting ready to switch to Dashlane despite the added cost.

I have exactly the same issues. For 2FA I now use the Microsoft app. Works the same. And I have been complaining about "never logging out" as a default setting for several years. In the default settings, the extension never logs out and automatically fills in passwords. I want the opposite: not automatically fill in and automatically log out after half an hour. When I apply these settings, I currently cannot log in to the extension anymore after a day or 2. After filling out my master pw, the wheel spins for a while and then stops, still not logged in. This has been happening since around December 2021 and I have been troubleshooting with them since January. They say that the cache needs to be cleared. After doing that the long way via main log in and reinstalling the extension (for no good purpose), I discovered that this "cache clearing" also works by just turnin the extension off and back on. But since this needs to be done every other day or so, this is not a good solution. Support mostly sends default trouble-shooting replies and certainly doesn't say they are working on a solution. They did suggest I should log out manually but that is not a real solution.

Extremely unsatisfied with this product. Every time I close the browser it logs me out, even after going through forum post solutions regarding this. Every so often when I attempt to log in, even carefully checking that I am typing the correct master password, login fails. Maybe it will work the next try or the next day. Now I am locked out of my account because account recovery is giving an error and won't even let me reset my master password. Some brief searching reveals there is always issues with LastPass's login service. Would not recommend.

One very important thing to understand is that it is not fully compatible with Chrome as can not add files/attachments if that's your browser. If you want to add a copy of a driver's license, Social Security Card, or any file or attachment you want to keep secure, you can't do that with Chrome.

I've been a user of Last Pass for several years and love it. I haven't remembered a password for years. It generates unique passwords based on criteria you can select such as length, include characters, include upper case, etc. I also love the security check but wish it could reset more of my passwords automatically. More often than not, I have to manually update the password on the website itself then update Lass Pass, but the utility tracks how long it's been since the password was last updated and rates the strength of the password. One thing I'd like to see is the ability to tell Last Pass to "ignore" a website. This would be handy in cases where the password is one you don't want to be included in the security checks. If it did this, I would give it 5 stars.

It's genius and it really works. So glad I can use it on my Android phone now without fees.

OMG, who ever create this extension. I would like to say thank you so much. This is the most saving time password manager i've ever use in my life.

I couldn't find any other password keeper that's as good as Last Pass is.  I will always make sure that I never lose LP because of a missed renewal!!
